at least i dont look like jefree starr faggot
is a fag" jackie jealous" neeeee
your a dirty terrorist and your religion is a fucking joke, you go around screaming allah akbar doing terrorist shit. dirty faggot.
well i thought you knew actually rt man why y'all didn't tell me i was a dick riding ass faggot? y'all not real
yeah. cuz million people in faggot ass are jews&gt; fuck them right? fuck bibi netanyahu. right?
word is you use roids, stupid hypocrite lying faggot.
shut up nigger whore! hope u get raped by one of those animals. might change your tune.
fuck you nigger sheboon. hope you r strung up like all niggers should be. whitepower.
rt no you're a nigger
rt apparently means anyone else&#; i always thought it was a ghetto word for
w/ some moxy! big comeback again!!! major penalty killed the caps.great game. cases of
you wear shorty shorts and fuzzy boots in negative degree weather.
awww, that's cute! my niece's guinea pig crawled up her dad's pants well i don't think i need to finish this sentence.lol
rt if i had a dollar for every time i died on flappy bird
you're an idiot.
a mock up of my wedding photos
only in vermont is it big news that our govern got a buck
sitting alone watching white chicks, no pants, fuzzy blankets, tea turn up
rt shut the fuck up ugly ass bitch nigga i stole your setup
videos: immigrant somali muslim woman yelling allahu akbar intentionally ran over people on...
the witness who reported the woman who mowed down people shouted alahu akbar: via
sperms and tadpoles look alike. now eye see why prince charming was a frog
the greatest thing a man can do to a woman is lead her closer to allah rather than to himself.
if they ever remake coming to america, can they move the setting to the queen city
you hotep black women always bashing black men. you so ashy
lmao deadass, nah them 's be ashy af people at my school shits be damn near see through
you riiiiiiiiich! hey boo
i will recommend coconut oil for his ashy hands
they don't want us using cocoa butter, they want us ashy.
i'm ashy af
announcers are biased af. it's honestly hilarious to listen to them bend over backwards to defend everything the team does.
dave dee dozy beaky mick titch bend it kijk op
this white bitch prolly doesn't have one black female friend and if she does it is some weird emo black trying to tell me about blacks.
i liked a video likkle blacks top boss mill ft. drake r.i.c.o remix) prod. by spacious
i liked a video likkle blacks ft. mimfatic g.m.g money gyal) prod. by spacious
just so we're clear, you can all mock me for coloring an adult coloring book.
this book is triply af! definitely recommend to all people who have way too much free time! fellow nerds especially
ever feel like the dead end kid in that old bugs bunny cartoon? smashes an egg then goes
jim jones, chink santana, logic perfect day on
reasons the whatfor strike root visit not flatter chink online under serene: unpmwgjws
hongkongslut: meko fung looking like a horny anal worn out chink looking into the camera while toying...
hongkongslut: meko fung spreading her chink legs wide open to show her fat sloppy shaven cunt and...
i love chink lmfao
i miss my chink
i'm chink eye god in my pics
chink
going to need a refill!! chink
hope jayne dickinson the litter chucker woman is on tomorrow.
curry turns into a better rudy gay type on any other team. a good chucker with handles
ladies.....be wary of men that correlate their responsibility to you in a relationship to finances, that's just a form of control
is that a dirty tampon rolled in coconut
these faggot ass niggas really think they a female
id scam you too you're a fucking faggot
yes, i miss a virtual helmet being the best helmet in a virtual fantasy world u fucking retarded ape faggot autist
my faggot ass manager showed his colors again today son
you like it? you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot
stop taking a shit faggot
lol suck my motherfucking dick, faggot
you're a fucking faggot
i'm a faggot tho. lmfaoooooo
twistvh great fucking dude, you're a faggot and ily
fuck yiu faggot theyre ouctures she fooled us all
wow faggot.
how are you gonna call anyone a dike when you're a fucking faggot? please take multiple days sweetie
if u didn't watch gavin stacey ur a faggot
ikr what a fucking faggot
that moment when a faggot creeps through twitter to find your xbox twitter without your name anywhere so he can copy my posts about
it's faggot though right?
if you put your socks on before your draws u also a faggot
what a faggot. kys
cold"@offensiivepoems: nobody cares, what you have to say. because when you're a faggot, your opinion is gay."
maria left me for some faggot in the park
faggot go hang yourself with a tree xx
pussy faggot
wtf faggot
you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries
mw is full of fuckign retarded noobtubing faggots retards spraying the barrett i cba playing
shaynes one of those fags who like harry faggot potter as a kid you like like that nigga too
but it will be the best the world has ever seen, oh queen of flailing and flopping.
was young and she was forced to be a woman."
family who forced woman to eat her own faeces before beating her to death jailed
i'ma ho!!! an jus like kevin gates say takes to know one"...
ikr saying no offense doesn't change the meaning at all, kind of like saying no homo, that doesn't make any less gay
if a nigga still saying no homo then i'm a think he gay
bring emergency shelter and shade to captive wild horses and burros sign the petition! via
sea horses are fascinating. check this list of interesting facts. fyi: men carry birth the little fry.
i don't recall hillary's outrage over the treatment of woman with monica lewinsky? just the opposite. attacked her. hypocrite.
tell that to your inbred redneck farmers, i don't live anywhere near goats. they do.
i'm sorry but if you slam your cars you are a fucking retarded inbred dumbass.
k yellow gold " inch figaro link jewelry chain for men
mens k yellow gold egyptian queen nefertiti real diamond charm pendant .ct
alex is the black jew. penny pinching rich african bitch
same lmao i be fake outraged as if im the woman who has to deal with these losers
damn liar...look at any inner city school and see you are a fucking idiot or just a nigger pushing liar.
white people will say nigger behind your back but never to your face.
you go to the market and buy your sex? like agege bread? nigger!!!
i never understood why people were obsessed with the o.j. simpson murders. he's a nigger who killed people. that's not a rare situation.
when playing catchphrase wants to be one"rachel nigger"
nigger no rsmb
so nigger is looking for a blonde boi. a child.
after you drink water you gotta buy that rack you said youd buy ya fucking nigger
you're a nigger for this.
nigger mother fucker
hey fuck you and your field nigger inferiority complex
you don't do shit on anything you're harmless you stay harmless you pathetic nigger
this is why you're the realest nigger
watch me crank that nigger boi, and moon man that hoe.
geechi sin called me a nigger lol
i'm still static boot me nigger
why are they dropping nigger in a tweet like that's calm, can someone explain?
have a very very white nigger trash chritmas. happy holidays. and i really mean it truly. by aka thepeasants of ottawa aka kim reasbeck
i will take a look, from the one and only in all of canada. mr. white nigger trash of ottawa ontario.
lmao right!!! shock of my life. light skinned nigger with beautiful brown eyes...totally not utata madiba...
it's just as great when my grandmother chimes in too. alana why do you date niggers when there's plenty of white men out there"
showing your love for your live in gal pal is not gay. it's beautiful.
her old man, he don't like blacks or queers. yet he's proud we beat the nazis... how queer
i think history has proven me correct about another lower class black who hates queers. a nigger.
revenant ain't for women, pussies, queers, or the french!" movie reviewers, the fiercest breed of men on earth.
apple ipad plus worth of beauteque goodies giveaway! via
celebs who had sex with transgender
i know the difference between being raped by a man and assaulted by a woman first hand.
just a quick ratios a woman in u.s. is raped versus gets breast cancer: to rank in the world for rape is
a special xxxmass lesbian lapdance on spic'n spanish reloaded tv last friday between and
alright spic ur dead
fuck u spic
yummy! dark brown colour, eggnog honey aroma, good balance of spic...
hablo whatever the fuck ur saying spic" old lady at italian food market
might want to learn a little history about this church. i lived it. friend on sunday nigger and spic on monday!
spic
great deals on cleaning supplies at target this week, as low as get your house all spic and span for...
i didn't think what i did was right you dumb spic kill yourself
hahahahahahahaha cut my grass spic i can't take the ignorance i'm just gonna be racist take ur family back to mexico
hi you spic spanish
celebration cake allpurpose flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, apple pie spic
spic bowl lives again!
so marquis is on daddy duties while i go to work. i swear if this place ain't spic and span when i get home so help me god
can't tell if you're a nig, muslim or a spic. you're the trifecta of shitskins and a washed up has been rapper
kys you queer fuck, dumb spic looking tom brady cock sucker
. hour layover has me sitting in an airport like bartelby loki... i mean some pretty spic people watching.
kill yourself you stupid spic. those dudes should have knocked your ass out.
faze chubleigh is a spic
spic santa is coming down your chimney with a machete.
alright count down is on. who is like me and has their house spic and span, all their presents wrapped under the...
there is nothing wrong with desire a woman a man nature is to spread his seed
a bullet in charles's head' ginger extremist's plot to kill prince and sons via
because bush was an idiot. he waged war on a country for what a terrorist organization did.
no one seems to be bothered that many men are i capable of deciding not to wear a tie, another symbol of submission.
sean john men neck dress with pocket square set color) at
dear cat! whatever next? queen innkeeper!
vampiress baby sucks on a beach towel. woman removes
af towel son co sterling silver plate etched serving spoon
towel boy by tamara bubble
i think could do a fantastic version of christmas carol" i feel like his ghost of christmas future would be so badass.
get your early bird wallet by backing our crowd funding campaign on
laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone plus ." bid
owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone plus ." bid
laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone plus ." bid
owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone plus ." bid
laughing face stand wallet leather phone cover case for apple iphone plus ." bid
owl print stand leather flip wallet cover case skin for apple iphone plus ." bid
bitch you a wetback too
this nigga gets more and more angry this is why i don't fuck with wetbacks
you don't need wetbacks to pick fruit and vegetables. pay americans, pay them decently.
if someone tells you they like egg whites they are lying through their damn teeth
when antiwhites get exposed for they always go full retard
egg whites are gross they taste like nothing
don't forget the egg whites
when i tell you it was the total opposite at gv. whites were crying, saying the world was over. got even called a monkey.
egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites turkey sausage water egg whites
sometimes i hate being white bc some whites people r crazy af
massapequa gives more detentions then the amount of times dj khalid has egg whites, sausage, and water for breakfast
sometimes he changes it up... like today he mixed it up and put the sausage and egg whites in a bun...
reverse jim crow. no whites.
: silver bullets with my egg whites and turkey sausage to get for keefe zo
the breakfast they don't want us to have, egg whites with turkey sausage wheat bun water..enjoy your breakfast,they don't want you to enjoy
why did saying i would be my own best friend if there were two of me because i'm hilarious and genuine and cute af get me a dirty look?
i need a dirty woman
i tried so hard not to give the woman a dirty look because it really wasn't her fault but it annoyed me so bad
lol the person that slid into my tumblr inbox calling me a nigger as if i gave a fuck. bitch, you thought
ghost" armpits" all look like a random combination of words...kumbe those are looks.smh
it means ignorant but i guess all niggers think they are kings so whatever works for you coon
can't always blame a stalker when you fine. men go through this also.
do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
italian men other minorities) who wear undershirts as overshirts who lack class and beat their women
do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
girls are future women with right to any right men already have.
cannae see any right minded cunt buying a million of debt
there can't be religion because there can't be any right or wrong to stop me from being a totally selfish idiot.
i'm sick of seeing this. no one has any right to mock you for wearing/not wearin... by
i kelly you are an amazing woman and great mother i am sure lov you
is the year of the vocal woman. our voices are an important part of the conversation.
i love you, queen! you are an inspiration
he shooting something up that's a retarded ass white boy lmfao
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
been punched, kicked, scratched if i stay be stories of abused men
kills openly gay woman to be killed in action:
its calm tho coz the woman let me play halo wit her son, i beat him but i felt sorry coz hes a special child
but on some real shit you're probably the biggest faggot on twitter who doesn't train or workout, plain and simple
why do i turn in to the biggest faggot when ever i listen to vogue
its the biggest faggot of my life's birthday
you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen.
biggest faggot in boxing,openly ducks opponents by faking injuries,twice devon and now chaves,he keeps fighting his
i'm an asshole with literally everyone but when it comes to my pets i'm the biggest faggot
luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible.
seriously the biggest faggot ever
sportstalkjoe is the biggest faggot
silk let's be real you've gotta be the biggest faggot weaboo irl
you're the biggest faggot on social media
dude, that guy is the biggest faggot holy shit.
you are the biggest faggot i have ever met what the fuck is this account get a life or make the hockey team
you are maybe the biggest faggot on twitter
the guy with the rolls royce must be the biggest faggot ever
odell is the biggest faggot i know it's all about him and he can't even win with any class
i hope everyone know dane healis is the biggest faggot ever! i don't follow him but i hope he sees this
biggest faggot i have worked with.
fero is the biggest faggot in this community, i swear.
anyone who says they respect the police is the biggest faggot pussy i know
how could i forget you? biggest faggot i know
jarvis and the biggest faggot in the league
hbd to the biggest faggot i know, congrats on the l
roses are red, the grass is green, you're the biggest faggot i've ever seen.
i was so honored to award steven biggest faggot in brownsville the other day over the phone; i think i really made his day.
you are the biggest faggot i have ever seen
biggest faggot of the internet blaze is flyy from youtube please say in stream
is the biggest faggot i know
you are literally the biggest faggot ive ever seen recruiting people then kickin the nigga for his disability. literally go kys
leftist attempts to blame the failures of govts that ignore property rights on the plenty created in systems that respect them.
i blame the gay jews! he just blames der gays
butt ugly... jk waleed bad af
part : shawty den got butt ugly i mean frog ugly teeth look like the square double mint gum
ways the apple watch will change your workouts
scored + in straight games. typical patriots hater. chink eyed fuck.
proper chink eyed this morning
zemzo you are ugly asf you light skinned, chink eyed, lil dicked ugly bitch kys
let's get chink eyed
bout to get chink eyed after
stfu u chink eyed pig
wide eyed n shit, my medicine makes me feel like i go all chink eyed. so i held my eyes like this for minutes lol.
messy hair and chink
i'm lookin at that tweet chink eyed af like what is life.
shut yo chink eyed ass up
japan is so sick. chink eyed zombies. fuck you. you are the biggest loser ever.
chink eyed trying to navigate in a backwood blizzard
chink eyed problems
cloud so chink eyed mannn
chink eyed w/ my fav reindeer
my little chink eyed bae comes home tomorrow for two weeks
ignore chink eyed bitches that are obviously jealous and intimidated
bjp won't show chinks in its armour backs jaitley, for solidarlty to maintain party morale. but this chink is big.
this is some coon shit, wack
allat coon shit
stop all that coon shit
stop all that coon shit early morning cartoon shit, this is that goon shit
ya boy is on some coon shit lmao
that coon shit!! ancestors rolling in their graves
i just wanna know whens the remy and pap can have this coon shit...
i just wanna know whens the remy and pap can have this coon shit...
like they really put this coon shit on tv tryna convince me cardi b a star man fomf
this is that coon shit i don't endorse
stop with that coon shit
think about it, the chain allegedly worth k. after they spend all that up on silly coon shit, they back to bein broke.
give a damn about slavery and a bunch of more coon shit. now he see he isn't as far removed as he thought.
that's straight up coon shit!!!!!
thank u for giving us heads up about the racist script. i won't be going to see coon shit.
stop all that coon shit
lmao just did some coon shit with my uncle
steve harvey did some coon shit i know he did
wonder what type of off the wall coon shit steve harvey was saying tonight
stop all that coon shit
coon shit!
yea i've seen some real fucked up dune coon shit
the most coon shit if ever heard. police have no right to execute anybody. they're two separate issues.
why wear a warm fuzzy hat if you aren't going to use it to cover your ears....... for fashion?
listening to people talk ghetto with a southern accent cracks me up
when you don understand german, and think this is porn! brainless and dumb monkey mexican
shut up you dumb monkey fucking nigger, you caused aids.
you gone be right on the back porch keep playing with me.. dumb monkey!
answering something wrong in a quiz, thats a mistake. read wrong a simple word when you had plenty of time, not. dumb monkey
humans are animals too you just think they're better u dumb monkey
its called u dumb monkey
no it doesn't? you're ad because our genes provide us with better opportunities and more intelligent minds dumb monkey.
nobody pisses me the fuuuuuck off like jacobs ole dumb monkey head ass.
dumb monkey president continues military agitations against china
holy shit you're one dumb monkey fucker.
i laughed. you always coming after ya dumb monkey ass bitch got one more fucking time to call me out my name
dumb monkey
dear collin, wake up, you dumb monkey. xoxo sarrah
keep smiling dumb monkey. this does no representation to the loudness of the bangs. making whole flat shake.
hey ai, keep on playing the blind, deaf dumb monkey when it comes to war crimes against kurds u hypocritical sneaks!
dumb monkey
go to sleep ape go to sleep you dumb monkey
that dumb monkey scared the crap outta me and it'd be like hi i'm paul
dumb nigger
irony dumb nigger baby
y'all need to chill about the mistake steve harvey made. calling that man a dumb nigger is uncalled for honestly fuck that pageant
shut the fuck up you dumb nigger
ur a dumb nigger. u never blocked me dumb kyke. ur an irrelevant e girl
fuck up dumb nigger
no one asked you to reply you dumb nigger
get cancer you dumb nigger
dumb nigger never hear of the roman empire thick as pig shit
dumb nigger boy
get olws dumb nigger
whitey: nigger,dumb nigger" me: actually graduated from high school two years early with a . gpa" whitey: dumb niggers"
dumb nigger
got no friend let me try something else go look at buildings dumb nigger
chris rock is a dumb nigger.
your probably a red neck uneducated micro penis idiot. you're getting schooled by a dumb nigger. i can see our difference now.
you two are fucking retarded and you both should commit suicide you dumb nigger fucks
dumb nigger
dumb nigger
dumb nigger
im so good,the lolcows come to defend that dumb nigger cause he likes your shitty mass produced music?.
another dumb nigger
you probably don't even have smackers gtfo you're trash you dumb nigger
youre a dumb nigger
dumb nigger boy
just another dumb nigger
u dumb nigger u
dumb nigger
go the fuck back to africa, ya dumb nigger. we don't want you in our country.
so is one of many that called a dumb nigger but this guy happens to be a senior director at
words fag and dyke and the like thrown around like they're harmless? because they're not, they're the complete opposite
you're a fag and you get no views skid get out of here
brad's outside for a fag and texts me saying he's farted so loud and the neighbour was putting something in the bin
you still in the debt collection business? i gave a mate a fag and he won't return the favour!
im a fag and i think this tweet is fucking gay and stupid ill say whatever tf i want
wish i was in barnham town right now getting a kebab,with a can of beer a classy fag and getting higher than a kite with all the
he still a fag and retarded
wham! club tropicana in a winter wonderland?! having a fag and mulled cider! typically british!
stop spreading misinformation just cause ur a fag and cant reproduce
called that man a fag and everything lmao
you yourself are a fag and a diva!! you fuckin spineless pussy ass bitch!! go jump off a bridge you piece of garbage!!!
i've said way worse to people on the basketball court than you a fag and i'll end your career
mum: mick i havent even had a fag and cup of tea since i woke up please for goodness sake
so basically josh norman and another panthers player called obj a fag and said they were going to blow his knee out
i hear dementia fag and his views. and its totally fucking retarded
been sat in this seat for hours debating whether to roll a fag and brave the weather outside
this is dementia fags city. he got a whole bunch of cocks hes sucking. nothing but dementia fag and cocks hes sucking
fancy a fag and a chat?
he's a fag and i don't fuck with that fufu lame shit. aids ass
going to drink a glass of wine, enjoy a long fag and watch south park after this juicy bowl is ripped
you're a fag... but i won't say it to you're face causeeee twitter is more productive
lol yea he a fag but the song bumps
is it bad that i've just had a fag but i want another one
haha i'm the fag but you got kds dick all up in your mouth man lol dismiss myself from what nigga
there's also a fag but you can give his story a reactionary interpretation easily.
i'd be heated if i didn't like anime and was losing to an anime fag but my pmr isn't doing too hot
dying for a fag but being too comfy in bed is a killer
i would say fag but that's not an insult to you
absolute faggot and russian shill sardo, tries to remain relevant by white knighting nina, never change mate
because you're a faggot and a squaker...
read this comment, and sign the petition. the da is a sneaky little faggot and deserves the same thin... via change
when someone is yelling faggot and saying he is going to end your career was more the problem than the bat
madden call him a faggot and thats what set laettner off. when the fans got word of it thats when they started chanting
no he was bugging bc a bunch of dudes with bats called him a faggot and said im gonna end your career
still on this if you see this you a faggot and a h** go back to st via again
watched elf today, and when it got to him standing at a bridge i said faggot" and got kicked out
must be a great tf player. call him a faggot and say counter strike is better. they hate that
they know he's a faggot and prefers the company of whites. but skin color is all that matters to them.
seriously viva did you just censor fairytale of new york because of the words slut, faggot and arse? haha!
you a faggot and ya ol lady a magget
you're a faggot and so you is your son
u are in a freshman math faggot and plus ur a junior please boii
i wonder if lilli moore coffin that faggot and cory stubbs think their will continue in
shout out to the guys who called me a faggot" and to bum my boyfriend" and then head butted me because he thought i was gay.
lmao i knew josh norman was calling that nigga odell a faggot and shit, cus odell showed his real diva side
hiphop goes deeper than those faggot ass trends
u tell me to explain about cook, yet ur faggot ass hates on kareem and jabrill but can't give any analysis.
faggot ass faggot lol
faggot ass niggas
get to see my brudda faggot ass jk
you're a faggot ass rapist motherfucker and i'll literally end you
ain't nothing bitter bout me you dick riding bitch ass nigga. you mad cause i exposed your faggot ass.
these faggot ass niggas really think they a female
faggot ass boy
someone track down this korean cake faggot ass
nobody wants to write a fucking paper on banquo and his faggot ass friend macbeth
i fucking hate my faggot ass brother
he swear he a blood but pronounced the c in bitch... man i'd kill this faggot ass dude bruh
we all know ur faggot ass wrote that.
fuck all u faggot ass fat ass niggers
lmfao yeah.. i'm ugly.. i'm sure you wanna suck my dick with your faggot ass
nah you rather the team go so your faggot ass can bitch about jay and kirk for the whole offseason
i hate a faggot ass nigga
shit like this, fam.. smmfh can't stand these faggot ass niggas, bruh.. eye taught my sister how to kill these types
faggot ass midget bitch
fuck that faggot ass nigga white boy wasn't even bout it and he fucking with him
i'm praying the leave all these faggot ass dances in please lord
a faggot bitch.. nat.. ugly.. not tuesdae doe."
faggot bitch
when nicks downstairs playin his game and all i hear is wtf you stupid fucking faggot bitch! i died a little lmao it was so unexpected
faggot bitch
faggot bitch
if you hate gay people you should get your ass beat you're a close minded faggot bitch kiss my feet
pride being defiant faggot russian clown scrub tatto off you faggot bitch getting shot in the forehead
fuck that piece of shit seth rollins i hate you you little bitch asshole cock sucking faggot bitch fuck you seth your a bastard
gtfo habs fan faggot bitch you guys fucking suck
.) being a fucking faggot bitch getting offended easily anger management issues pressing your opinions into facts
hey hi, blowthony jobthano here, the internet's busiest cocksu c c ing faggot bitch
you still a faggot bitch
you should only have sex with a woman you faggot bitch it's adam and eve not adam and steve you messed up mother fucker
faggot bitch cunt ass motherfucker
shut the fuck up you inbred faggot bitch
fuck you spoderman you gay ass faggot bitch
musty pussy faggot bitch just tryna lick my sack for riches...mhm
i hate you you ugly faggot bitch piece of shit.
coolify commented: kill yourself you idiot stupid dumb retarded noob cunt worthless faggot bitch piece of pig's shit son of a dick suck
he's a faggot bitch but he's still day one
there's a reason this faggot bitch got cut. bc he fucking sucks
lmao you don't remember that fake page that was made just for me you and jade she tried me. faggot bitch.
occupied seat+ antichrist bopich souen fuck you retarded monkey lies sihamoni norodom why dont you show your right hand faggot bitch.
id tackle u then proceed to deadly tickling faggot bitch
your a faggot was getting naked on my bed and shit
josh norman you fucking faggot bitch
you are you fuckin faggot bitch obama will be reveal soon, then we will destroy everything you've done!
is a bitch. faggot, bitch nigga, bitch!!!!!!!!! ho ass nigga!!!! faggot bitch!
suck my dick bitch you spelled piece wrong cunt faggot bitch
happy birthday faggot bitch
some faggot bitch that cheer leads
who you calling a faggot bitch grow your followers like i grow my dick little bitch get the fuck outta here
niggas on twitter will call u a faggot for taking money from your girl. shit prolly weird to a lot of y'all
i, am a gay faggot for the love actually soundtrack and cry to that fucking songbird song every time now you all know the truth
if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome.
ccb edward ng u r a fking faggot for bringing my hopes up
cam a faggot for sapping that nigga. i can't be cool w a nigga beefin w my teammates
yea son is a faggot for that
brittany a faggot for real.
ra'shad a faggot for searching his name
faggot for tripping him
faggot for calling me cutie smh
bruce banner still a faggot for what happened in age of ultron. black widow throwing the pussy at him and he decides to go into hiding
omg your friend is such a faggot for banning people in tc earlier, seriously you don't need fuckheads like that in your life
you're a faggot for blocking me and i've never even spoken to you dick head
does it genuinely make you happy or are you just a faggot for no reason
fuck u bitch read the rules fool you got to stop being a faggot for one whole year before u can donate jew
he's your man you faggot smh. don't you know that's haram?
obj such a faggot smh
what a faggot smh
your really a faggot smh
that's when he finally got that anger out... he been should have done that... he was throwing bitch slaps like a faggot smh
cant believe that nigga steven fernandez or switch god faggot smh these niggas deserve to get their assholes pushed in
im scene not a faggot smh
god what a faggot smh
you're a fucking faggot smh
faggot smh
she looks like pepe u faggot smh
what a fucking faggot smh.. i can't believe u mod i had so much respect for u
wwe faggot smh
ezam is a faggot that's all you need to know
exactly, any nigga that gets his eyebrows done arched is a faggot. that's final
bruce jenner a faggot that don't believe in gay marriage
all those times i said faggot that was really insensitive of me please bring me a hot bf and also anime titty
a fucking faggot that needs to die this instant
you and any other faggot that was in my mentions
fuck any faggot that does this and believes this
imagine being that much of a faggot that you like mince pies
i am officially done now with you. you are just a faggot that plays cod all day likes to lick vahns nuts
where? english girl you little faggot. that's a brilliant thought of you btw nak
me and gary read this tweet together and we both agreed you're still the same faggot that you were before oneonta
isn't that the faggot that was self advertising on the livestream lol
fear yk is actually a faggot that fool is is accessing triztrocity's lineups for free and bragging to him about it like what a tool
its a faggot that's fr sure!
well i do care,sorry you don't. i ain't gonna stoop to the level others have that call me nigger and faggot,that is beneath me.
luxray is the biggest faggot that xrays fucking play legit cunt and you are terrible.
this is the same faggot that posts mishimaappreciation threads every few weeks.
you're a faggot that still makes news on year olds lmfao jokes on you old man.
damon is a grade a faggot that's it.
steviekomer: your grandma makes cookies like a faggot. that's yours
he's a lonely old wannabe cat lady faggot that has nothing better to do.
he is a faggot that's all i am going to say.
ur a fucking gay ass pussy faggot that deserves to be eaten by a half cobra half nigger
motherfucker you are a faggot that was uncool you will go to jail or prison uncle larry will call the cops i would too
just a little faggot that's all george
y'all hoes love these faggots and trannies until ya catch ya nigga wit one!!
u both r worthless fucking faggots and r ignorant af hmu if u r ever in ny thanks take the l
thats what ultimate faggots like you get in life. ultimate faggotry like yours attracts hatred and ill will. fucking faggot
when u examine faggots like mlk jr and dubois.... talk about selected. these were not selfmade men....
salahuddin seriously made faggots like you his bitch. now i'll make you my bitch.
gay faggots who depend on him to draw their shit waifu hentai
wow reading ur timeline ur one of those right winged faggots who type in caps ur so cool u cunt go die
those gay dudes who expose better yet imma say faggots who expose are weak as fuck, they just want some glo on social media
red pill fags are gay too
ass pizza is a fuckin faggot, cash carti punked his bitch ass
fuckin faggot
are you gonna call my mommy on me?....fuckin' faggot.
he's a fuckin faggot huh
this is the gayest picture i've ever seen in my life ur a fuckin faggot i better not catch u slippin punk ass bitch
fuckin faggot david johnson beat me by himself
you get zero cool points for this nigga you fuckin faggot fight your own battles
what are you a fuckin' faggot?
fuckin faggot suck my dick nice photo b)
fuckin faggot
even tho i was a fuckin faggot
if mexico deesnt hand over the corpse of el chapo soon we're gonna burn it to the ground! fuck epn too! fuckin faggot!
wtf is wrong wit dese fuckin faggot ass rappers these days mannnn
you fuckin' faggot i'm coming to your shows
fuckin faggot
in a all pink fit lookin like a fuckin faggot who the fuck you think you fuckin with nigga
what're you a fuckin' faggot?
how old are you you fuckin faggot
sorry would you like me to quote you? fuckin faggot
fuckin faggot add bitch ass punk ass pussy. i'll cap you
old man in giraffe costume on stilts: i was the first furry you fuckin faggot kids
what are u a fuckin faggot?
this is i'm a fucking faggot. thanks.
fuck you gilli you stupid fucking faggot i'm superior to you because im in a higher team
supra is a fucking faggot
i don't fucking care, i didn't ask for your shitty opinion. kill yourself fucking faggot.
id scam you too you're a fucking faggot
you're a fucking faggot
shut up u fucking faggot dnt lie and say u ain gay cus remember i got that telegram u sent me
i can't bother to explain you fucking faggot
im danish you fucking faggot
you are a fucking faggot bruh
happens everytime retard get friends fucking faggot go suck some more knowners
you're a fucking faggot kys retard
just another ignorant racist homophobic republican" fucking faggot our age.
ur a fucking faggot
a fucking faggot that needs to die this instant
i just want you to know that you're a fucking faggot
u fucking faggot
fucking faggot sexual)
remember when you weren't such a fucking faggot ahh good times, good times
fucking faggot
you fucking faggot fuck you
i want this to end already, stop being depressed me you fucking faggot
oh hahaha you get every night, you phony fucking faggot!
ur? what ur? ur nice? ur handsome? ur a great big fucking faggot?
you're such a fucking faggot
fuck you nigger dont you fucking what me i swear to fucking god ill have you destroyed by me and my fucking boys you fucking faggot
fucking faggot
that kid is a fucking faggot
and your a fucking faggot
they are not fucking gay you fucking crazy ass bitches!!!
nydylla: tell him that if he doesn't watch it he's fucking gay
ur fucking gay
they were basically raising cass together like come on it was so fucking gay
being single is fucking gay
idk what games james played on it. if it played mario, thats fucking gay. i was little
i love so much? im fucking gay
that tweet was fucking gay
your fucking gay my nigga. stop tweeting me
so fucking gay
hoy shit im not gay im not gay wtf im not fucking gay ill be meeting my hot ass girlfriend not u ugly lmfao
yall hate women but love pussy... please just come out the closet already you are fucking gay
lrt i'm fucking... gay
you're fucking gay
someone anyone pllssss if u live in phx az and know anywhere that is hiring let this nigga know i fucking hate my job
thanks for not asking me you fucking nigger dick
you stupid fucking nigger did you even look past my profile and see who i'm following?
after you drink water you gotta buy that rack you said youd buy ya fucking nigger
imagine supporting bolton you fucking nigger
everyone type in the chat that alex is a stupid fucking nigger!
hate you so much! fucking nigger!" are miss philippines muthafucka? i don't like steve harvey but this...
this lesbian dumb fucking nigger bitch
haha got it fucking nigger
tell this to that billionaore son of a bitch. go sack that fucking nigger on chelsea board. michael emenalo son of a bitch
fucking nigger
you are a fucking nigger
hi, fucking nigger!! will your monkeysexwife michelle lick my dirty white ass?
typical fucking nigger. and by nigger i mean black person. and by black person i mean nigger.
klin is a fucking nigger
fucking nigger man
alex is a fucking nigger
indy_style if you're reading this you're a fucking nigger
stop stealing from gas stations you fucking nigger
sum things up, i'm a fucking nigger" is how i imagine his article
nigger" then a couple people's
why does that fucking nigger meme posting nonce advocate think bipolar is an insult? the voices say he must die
fucking nigger me up the asshole with a hotrod,nigga.
my dog needs to sleep still fucking nigger
bitch fucking nigger....
jerz unfollowed what a nigger
you make your country, so proud when you call a nigger!!!"
calling a nigger" does not make you a better reader. end statements with punctuation!
fucking nigger
dingo the fucking nigger
was banned for second from the server by u nigga, u didnt even talk u lil fucking nigger jew)
l m a o was banned for second from the server by u nigga, u didnt even talk u lil fucking nigger jew)
delete this you fucking nigger
shut up you dumb monkey fucking nigger, you caused aids.
fucking nigger
lmaoo fucking nigger
listen cock lord go walk that fucking queer dog of yours or something
we are here and fucking queer. so you better get used to those mama' and echoing trough your straight head.
what a fucking queer
go eat a pound of autism fucking queer
i work for a living i don't suck cock and take it on the ass like you, you fucking queer
make my pack fucking queer
ur a fucking queer
fucking queer
who are you ya fucking queer actually fight me
i'm for real about to beat the fuck out of this geeky little fucking queer
change your fucking queer my nigga needs it
i'm not going to hit you up i'm not a faggot, fucking queer
pm] matty: black people are nice people pm] matty: but cam newton is a fucking queer
you're such a fucking queer holy fuck
ikr same ihy so much u fucking queer
what a fucking queer
youre a fucking queer
lol that's because u grew up a pussy, stfu this is a mans sport u fucking queer
stroll up the orme fucking queer bastard
fuck odell he deserved the game suspension. fucking queer
hahahahahahaha i hope seshes and that get put it in this you fucking queer
gay ass nigga
y es u r u noodle gay ass!!!
this gay ass)
gay ass bitch ass you have there
yes we saw. you blind gay ass nigga.
i am aware that men that get raped are deemed as hilarious and weak. this is bad.
men get raped too, the shame is hard to brush off
the fact that men also get raped and people don't take it into consideration
there is no such thing as a type of person that is more likely to get raped. women and men of all ages, religions, class, cultures,
fox host: men are sick of being feminized and donald trump is last hope to get their masculinity
topless is just topless. that`s nothing. why is it ok for men to go around topless when some of them have bigger boobs than many women?
god i hate faggots such as these. i'm a nigger myself, when they think of slavery, they think of amurica.
i mean i hate niggers, and i really hate faggots, but nigger faggots are the worst though don't you agree
ole bitch lol i hate faggots
bitch you didn't hate faggots until i forced my opinion on you
nobody hate faggots more than me i hate them gay ass niggas
girl want to be skinny that's real beauty.even boys wanna be skinny.girls hate fat boys.not joke it's fact
i liked a video from why men hate fat women
i hate fat bitch ass bus drivers
he looks so gingery gross kermits the frog pic/
get in here faggot
listen here faggot who is ''' in this conversation
not my fault cause i traded her when she was nothing here faggot congrats on your skill
my mums not here faggot!
thank you, don't come here faggot.
listen here faggot skyrim&gt; witcher what can u not understand
actually. i'm right here, faggot
gtfo of here faggot twitter boosting cunt
ono im right here faggot
listen here faggot im gonna make it simple for you. . youre not a millionaire . youre a faggot
get your ass back here faggot. we are waiting on you
haha fuck outta here faggot
then why are you here faggot
here faggot!
listen here faggot u failed the mission
get that sh*t outta here faggot
listen here faggot slaves i feel sorry for u
listen here faggot im the one who knocks
fuck outta here faggot
wars" no bitch take that syfy bullshit out of here faggot she don't like movies
jan, it's a bit unfair to dismiss him as a fruit loop. he has
broke ugly thirsty ass faggot. should've continued curving you like the rest of those niggas but i had to feel sorry for his faggot ass
blake griffin is an overrated fucking faggot. i could i would kill his faggot ass
i should've cursed his faggot ass out but i'm trying to change
should be a dick in his faggot mouth
zoen needs to bring his faggot ass home
nobody wants to write a fucking paper on banquo and his faggot ass friend macbeth
i want to punch god in his faggot face
ummhmm i won and look his faggot friend spawned in
when he's drunk asf and shit talking to his faggot ass xbox homies who are all a bunch of dick gobbling faggots
i wish someone would kill his faggot ass
in case yall wondering why his faggot ass got suspended
obj suspended? hmm was looking forward to see xavier strap his faggot ass
i'd stack this nigga like a pancake and pour syrup on his faggot ass
as much as id like to message him ask him how it feels put his faggot ass on blast, i don't care enough. indifference is worse than hate
all yall weak ass cowboy fans on that nigga nuts like he aint still the enemy regardless! fuck that nigga he showed his faggot ass today!
an get his faggot ass beat that nigga a bitch
im glad someone is fuckin with his faggot ass. too busy twerkin for his homeboys
knowing his faggot ass he has multiple accounts. so i will beam positivity and blind him with me and my new boo's smiles.
couldn't stand his faggot ass looking avi..
never understood how a dude could use his shorty's car to pick up and take out another woman... the level of grimey is just too high bruh
about to unfollow this nigga. him his shorty are gmt
fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch
lol high schoolers happy about winter break and im just like nigga im always on break
must be why is full of feminists calling it antifeminist not to hate men themselves.
siomai is white and wrinkly.. beef ball in ginger sauce and hot sauce
liam is white as hell, that lil boy is not light skinned, we aint gon claim him as a nigga so yall can sit yo asses all the way down
dude u know im doing part time job at mall rn bcuz got nothing to do at home&amp;im broke af and guesssss whattttt
oregonian: icymi: woman gives to dad fired from nd job at subway.
nagpur the realized total loss fruit farm copulate in association with jungle bunny: wbv
if i find a bunny in the jungle is it racist to call it a jungle bunny? if i see a monkey on a porch...#bestofhoward
unless theyre threatening to kill all men then yh theyre not a feminist lol
we should kill all of you and let sort you out. allah u fuckbar, muzzie.
fucking kill yourself scruffy cunt
you're a cute bitch with no goals, bitch go kill yourself
even though i looked like an idiot at that time but i tried something, which i didn't know that i could have gotten killed for running
here's the other thing. i've seen black women and men shot and killed for just having a gun. not pointing it or even threatening with it.
no because why would you choose to be gay in a country where you will be killed for it
hm so a frog was killed for this..
you'll call me big brother once i'm done with your little faggot ass.
little faggot ass woody looking pussy talking bout i'm back my mocking voice
look how angry you are you little faggot
i hope you burn and rott in hell you little faggot dick loving pussy boy. i would destroy with my bare hands.
son of mine is gonna have a red nose" but what he's really saying is son of mine is gonna be a little faggot!" mario cantone'
i'll break your neck you little faggot
whos my little faggot come rt if u are
hd repent you little faggot via
better watch yourself little faggot. i don't live too far from there.
at that little faggot right there!"
spit. spit don't swallow you little faggot" momma c
sit there and cry over a little faggot boy" not a faggot boy"
i played mk when i was but i wasn't a fat tantrum throwing little faggot
when my friend doesn't wanna drink... you can come out when you're done being a little faggot"
i need a guy to be around that would actually embrace me for the little faggot i am.
and on work have one little faggot with very big mouth foggot bussines
i hate that little faggot
up that pistol tell him strip with your little faggot ass nigga.
i'll clamp your jaw so hard that it'd be pointing towards the north pole you little faggot
you're a butthurt little faggot whose so fucking upset that people saw a tweet you made and used it against you.
lmao i stopped being a little faggot
what when you see us again in months you little faggot
maybe not a hillary fan, but you are still a little faggot
like that little faggot you were before you took your leave...
hold this l, little faggot.
jason's a little faggot
bc da gawd biebervelli was a little faggot back then
who would wanna have a baby of a bitch made nigga nobody but it happens
that's what you call a bitch made nigga
learned to expect bitch made shit from a bitch made nigga
fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes
you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy
tonight with the dagger nice try you bitch ass soft ass trick ass mark ass weak ass dusty ass bitch made nigga
self made nigga can't compare to u help made niggas on life
i couldn't even rt of the bitch made nigga hitting on that chick in the restroom
es is getting out of bed to pick me up and smoke me out omfgomfgomfg i'm so glad gay marriage is legal bc bae af.
for what it's worth, stopping gay marriage is not part of ted cruz's public stump speech, so not sure there is any jarring discrepancy here.
what wants to know: i hv to stay married to this aging woman for yrs if i'm elected?"
dm me faggot
kill me faggot
alright, so find me faggot. here i am
fight me faggot
fight me faggot this is a holy war
moon misses me... faggot
suck me faggot
don't dm me faggot
eat me faggot
me faggot
you disgust me faggot
you disgust me faggot
yikes so u call me faggot to degrade me for my sexuality. youre straight. stop.
god can fudge me" faggot priest
you talkin to me, faggot?
happy birthday to my coon i love you
i told my coon dog... sit on the couch gracyn. we're gonna watch ncis new orleans! btw, merry christmas!!!
hey i love my coon shows black people need to come together and get love and hip hop off of
i just wanna grow old and eat popcorn with my coon
when she hears my coon toons.. the devil!!"
f@ck all my coon followers ya'll can exit stage right. i joined twitter find revolutionaries. not coons.you don't like what i say? bounce!
haven't had wings ina minute...my coon level is low....
so i think i just got this old white races guy fired at work. he called me boi like times. i swerved my coon tendenciesand.
woke up to my alarm that i set as the big bang theory theme song. i'mma make coffee, have cocoa puffs, hope my coon eyes aren't that bad.
my aunt my coon and me
my coon purchase for will be a gold bottom grill.
took my coon hunting virginity.
mood she can eat my coon
you cant die, who would be my coon?
i miss my coon gordo. he was one bad mother fucker.
with my coon dawgs drevon ayub
man my pups gotten so big love my coon dog
picking up zoe's boyfriend from practice yet didn't take off my coon slippers
yo got to to fulfill my coon levels for the day
my coon senses start tingling
this is my coon hound dooley
i lost my coon skin snap back
freaking turn my coon tunes off"
i hate bitch niggas like this, lol but if that's what y'all like,
don't get me fucking started on y/o tamir rice. i mean, i know he was a child, but that's what happens when your nigger ass is a nigger.
fucking hate his nigger ass
fuck ur nigger ass. get the rules right. y'all would have got shit on v
get your nigger ass off of social media.
cause if i did the shit they would fire my nigger ass immediately.
i always start my day with some heavy ass gross ass grimey ass nigger ass dub step
he a weak bitch lol i wish a nigga would put hands on my sister or family member like that i'll fuck his nigger ass up
i think my baby bro should not get any sleep cuz his nigger ass would up around am never went back to sleep.
fuck mohamed, may piss be upon his degenerate pedophile sand nigger ass.
what bitch??? i din't think so perv,, keep your nigger ass out of
folks are mad with you...lol....tell them to kiss to nigger ass...lol
cute ass nigger ass slave roach monkey ily
didn't you eat that nigger ass
i hope that white cops cap your thieving nigger ass!
sanders ab completely fucked me heath miller randall cobbs nigger ass fucked me. pieces of trash
kys nigger ass motherucker
chill bruh before i smack your nigger ass.
lmfaooo tired of your big lipped nigger ass
you nigger ass nigger
nigger ass cramps huh
nigger ass bitch is some shit ill say.
this fucker never thought i was good enough for pz but follow his nigger ass
no i'm not smoking k that's for ur nigger ass always broke can't afford anything living in the projects on
ur kid ur still a virgin lmao shut ur nigger ass up till u meet ur real dad
this nigger is an embarrassment to amerikkka.
ugly nigger is hermione in new play just fuck my life up fam
even the word nigger is used so poetically in this movie
nigger is going to treat king trump this way!'
time for a magic trick. i will make this nigger get a job. abracadabra! is still jobless) well i did say magic trick, not miracle.
this camel riding sheep fucking sand nigger is all talk bring it u fuck we r waiting with open arms
roth: do u know about tht nigger?" dern: i know about tht nigger, is tht hes a nigger; thats all i need know."
calling him a nigger is no different from you being a saltine cracker, it still doesn't change nth
so nigger is looking for a blonde boi. a child.
nigger is eating those cakes
y'all need to chill about the mistake steve harvey made. calling that man a dumb nigger is uncalled for honestly fuck that pageant
this fucker was abusing its dog n bent down to pretend it was nice n pet it. so now a nigger is inside it. idhtss
pakis arent arabs we're more south asians but sand nigger is just so fucking stupid not even funny.
no nigger is gonna lraise hand on me,i eill give him a fist
and i call my friends' boyfriend bae' nigger is a young handsome pastor yoh
genos is glorified garbage, nigger is a jobber in the midcard while saitama the main event'er. genos basically heath slater.
white people will scream racism as soon as someone says ritz crackers but think nigger is exceptional in today's society
sum things up, i'm a fucking nigger" is how i imagine his article
on chief keef while playing call of dury* that nigger music off"
what is it like to be a wigger? and talk about nigger music everyday with your cardigan sweater on your a fucking joke you faggot
playing that nigger music"
white people dont want your nigger music anyway
nigger music is ghetto nigger music is trash
i liked a video fat guy shooting nigger music win
why is this retard playing nigger music
fucking nigger music
off your nigger music" it's suicideboys?
nigger music? nigga thats mgk
when s have nigger music it kills the vibe tbh.
i just listen to % nigger music
i just listen to nigger music
stfujsks no my sister playing her nigger music
i'm bumping nigger music
i remember being really young my mexican ass uncle was teaching me use limewire, i asked to look up tpain and he said thats nigger music
sorry but i have straight nigger music pulsing through my veins and arteries
damn nigger music does it to me
we went from nigger music at taco bell to christmas music at mcdonalds. fuck this shit.
every time i'm on my xbox some white boy always tell me to off my nigger music off
nigger music" she's mad racist
guess what niggers i can listen to your nigger music all i want and not have to talk to you because i can do what the fuck i want
please edit next tt don't let anyone else do it and no nigger music
love starting my mornings off like this man lol listening to my nigger music and doing nigger activities. god bless america!
nigger music sucks dick
niggers are so fucking mad just cause the shooter was a sand nigger kebab go take your anger out on them
how can there be all nigger colleges if niggers are retarded and have an average iq do they throw shit at each other all day in class.
no, i'm just antiretard the fact that niggers are almost unilaterally retarded is a coincidence
niggers are gay
woman kicking girl in has no right claiming reparations of
old men with slip on loafers, smelling of fags do not make good bed fellows
naacp to give blacks opportunity. support taking away the right of white men to have the same opportunities. it is called racism.
maybe i'll stop when i stop seeing their smug expressions and hearing their derisive laughs as they mock people like me publicly.
all are great but if i have to pick one it is bird set free. very empowering and i love
police: louisville man raped and robbed woman in alley wdrb
man and woman in alley dec : am et
yes. a woman was in fact brutally raped and misidentified her attacker while the prosecution secreted exculpatory evidence.
police: louisville man raped and robbed woman in alley...
black woman hating going down on the timeline. now it's little black girls faults for being raped and molested. bc they should know better.
yes i realize women get raped and all but there are more male homicide victims than women. men usually serve longer time in jail
the majority of men i dated had been molested or raped by women/men starting in the nd grade
i have a male friend who was raped by a woman at the age of .. she kept doing it and he's been truly scarred
we also live in a world where men can't be raped by women.
and a woman maybe a black woman suggested that submit to being by any cop vs. shooting in
transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates
pure?you nigger you have been raped by jarrer aka bantus.
transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates
transgender woman locked in allmale prison lived in constant fear of being raped by inmates
did this dude really just call me a sand nigger
f ken good! tell the whore to f off back to sand nigger land!
evil sand nigger
i am at work you sand nigger.
sand nigger
you're the one sand nigger i know i wouldn't mind being inside
dum fuckin sand nigger
this camel riding sheep fucking sand nigger is all talk bring it u fuck we r waiting with open arms
i will stop using the word nigga when you stop calling me a sand nigger
niggers are so fucking mad just cause the shooter was a sand nigger kebab go take your anger out on them
when sand nigger gf finds out i like anime tities
i liked a video sand nigger can't shoot a gun
pfff i dont even know who you are. the spazzy sand nigger tagged me in
pakis arent arabs we're more south asians but sand nigger is just so fucking stupid not even funny.
you stupid sand nigger porch monkey mysogynist asshole! a fucking retarded, right wing shill!" progressives to
gtfo this country we don't need your sand nigger kind
i dont like r kelly music not one bit, but that sand nigger bitch with the british accent was the worst kind of woman i ever seen fuck her
yeah! after i get the jews i'll get a token faggot sand nigger. then i can associate with alex jones!
reminder that patrick mcnair is a sand nigger
allahuakbar sand nigger
a dirty sand nigger terrorist?
you fuckin sand nigger
i think sand nigger is the best term created
lol sand nigger that's mad ur mum was rolling all over my sand still
aha mature as fuck, just like your sand nigger isis friend
fuck mohamed, may piss be upon his degenerate pedophile sand nigger ass.
i miss u sand nigger
block me then gomd you always in mine anyway fuck allah and you goat worshiper sand nigger
if you support refugees, you should kill yourself right now, since you're no better than sand nigger filth
something needs to be done about isis! but instead our sand nigger president want stricter gun control for his own people! don't make sense.
y u not comin thru lately u sand nigger
was peak times when i had sand nigger pakis in my mentions that day
pontus wernbloom is a sand nigger
please stop trying to perpetuate the narrative that men are savages that have no conyrol over their genitalia.
fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch
fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch
that nigga and his shorty bitch. his shorty bitch
shoot dat nigga his shorty bitch...shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga his shorty bitch
fuck your feelings ain't no sorry bitch. shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch!
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
fuck yo feelings ain't no sorry bitch shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch.
shoot that nigga his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty, bitch!
your a spic you african spear chucker
next time you wanna call that coon a porch monkey, call that spear chucker a jig, spook, or moon cricket
swamp ninja, spear chucker, yard ape clown lmaooooo
cannot stand that vapid woman. ugh
i cant stand that idiot
everyone follow the stupid nigger thanks
i don't care how nice a racist is to you, u kno when they go home they are calling you a stupid nigger
pull the trigger you stupid nigger
i went to checkers to see if they were open tonight and one of the employees getting off yelled closed you stupid nigger go home"
stupid nigger.
that's a car, stupid nigger.
stupid nigger
like hes gonna be like ones for christian stupid nigger
goodbye stupid nigger. you have no fucking concept of what you're talking about.
stupid nigger
stupid nigger
stupid nigger
stupid nigger deserved it.
stupid nigger got 'd
what the fuck did i just say u stupid nigger
this stupid nigger and his wrench
stupid nigger i'm master prestige. you're supposed to run and gun not play like a faggot bush camper with no gun skill.
i don't read youtube comments because i don't like to make a habit of seeing stupid nigger cunt".
i don't see stupid nigger monkey up there
stupid nigger
nice life stupid nigger
colombia not columbia stupid nigger
shut the fuck stupid nigger faggot
i followed you, fucking stupid nigger
stupid nigger
don't play stupid nigger
alex is a stupid nigger
stupid nigger and dumb bitch
nigger retard: it's almost unheard of for an asian woman to marry a younger man of any race. stupid nigger.
hey first off you are half white, middle class america hates you because of your policies not race, stupid nigger
lmaooo in february watch that fag gonna get his
ew that fag
ahahahah that fag got aids
hate that fag
that's what that fag gets for trying to fuck with nature...
fuck that fag shit. if she mean it she'll sneak in your chimney
that fag joey grashita and his bf look like literal twins wtf.
you think i really care for that fag gtfo
you piece of shit. i stepped on dog puke last night cause your faggot ass was feeding that fag fries
iont even affiliate wit that fag shit
this was cool until i saw that fag grahmnesty
where that fag he ain't text back lmao
davion stop saying that fag
why would you wanna tweet some shit like that no homo don't cover up that fag shit
the nerve of that faggot.
idk how you guys get though a butt king video. that faggot puts me the sleep!!
deleting that faggot in my life
i hate that faggot ass ugly ass nigga always white knighting in hopes to get some fat bitches nudes
so its that faggot u bought the acc from
that vid of that faggot punching that girl in the bathroom is wild, son the camera man are both busters i hope they get maxed soon
fuck that faggot ! where am i at???
fuck that faggot little bitch he is a disgrace and the dirtiest player in the nfl. i'm glad he ain't in philly
that faggot bitch just made me mad too
well i hate that faggot
uhm sure but im not playing on that faggot saggio kids host
hey, who's that faggot?"
fuck him, no mercy for that faggot
fuck that faggot he can eat my dick
stfu you and that faggot lebron
i hate that faggot
who is that faggot
i already knew that faggot
that faggot waits for me to post more pics of me so he can use them for pleasure
deaf greg lmaooooo that faggot
i'll stop when that faggot learns his place in life
and you're that faggot most of the time!
imagine having to live your life day by day being dare airez it would be a living nightmare i hate that faggot
cash is surprisingly absent knowing that faggot is actually male.
in that field ever again. enter you, trying to make my life difficult. you think i give af about your apparently encyclopedic /
you've had that nigger aids a long time! riddled.
a lesson!! that nigger bitch! back off and go back to the pigsty where you belong!! angolan pig! ptu!!
all cuz he didn't knock before entering the faggots office bro. my bitch michelle phifer held it down
the niggers they had were african, not american ghetto dwellers
dear god kill the niggers creeping on white women saying no fuck your wife ugly nigger queer amen
if a woman think that she always right, as a male, you must left rule of left and right
ultimate reset be your best you in !! yours now on early bird pay before january...
why'd u ask then faggot
go to bed then faggot
link up then faggot
keep it shut then faggot
show me a picture of you then faggot
dont make empty threats then faggot
duces then faggot
stay a virgin forever then faggot
get one then faggot
ok then faggot
no ones liking your vid then faggot
come eat me then faggot
dont have a life then faggot
explain medal of honor: warfighter then, faggot.
fuck you then faggot i take back all this friendship loner i hope kids throw rocks at you
stop drinking then faggot
get sympathy for that poor cops kids, maybe, and the wife, but the dude fucked up. no i wasnt married to him then faggot cunt
tell on me then faggot
i would've won this tourney but then faggot ass roy
get out then faggot
wow ok fuck off then faggot i was maybe thinking about getting it for u but hell naw now!
we have a white guy for potus. this nigger ain't cuttin' it!
this nigger went from the church to the strip club...... how does that work out
this nigger bruh every time he sees me he keeps asking me if i've cleaned the scratches on my cd
oh fun thing yesterday we ate lunch at this restaurant and this nigger came and wanted to sell us sunglasses
this niggerleftist joke is getting ridiculous. be brave, protect u.s. from democrats and obama the pussy!
cassper says he doesn't watch ventertainment because its negative towards him....this nigger should change that nyovest to karadashian
i think i need to go and slap this nigger
i am so pissed i cant believe this nigger
they would literally look at me in awe. like taught this nigger here how to read?" awe. stop it.
this nigger cat is trying to beat up on my older cat that is like fucking years old. quit being a fucking faggot you lil shit
see i'd agree with this nigger lover if his channel didn't look like this
probs say hate this nigger bc he's black! why is he here?!"
like i know this nigger
i was suppose to b a white boy i'm trapped in this nigger body
time for a magic trick. i will make this nigger get a job. abracadabra! is still jobless) well i did say magic trick, not miracle.
this nigger scares me so fucking much dude its annoying
this nigger david always got me weak lmao
this nigger streaming editing
this nigger music is getting to me, brb
this is the gayest thread of tweets i've ever seen and now i hate this nigger
can't believe this nigger woke me up on my last day off, i hate you
video credentials to this nigger
see, this is why people talk about needing to teach men not to rape. because the context really is routinely erased.
a) norway is teaching muslim men not to rape almost greeted with a yawn by the left
folks are always tell us what to do to avoid rape, teach men not to rape"
racist men are almost % more likely to rape women of their own race than nonracist men.
congrats to ginger and krista at our hampton, va office location!! way to tie in team spirit, krista merry...
i developed very early. i was the girl that tried to tie down her grown woman parts so men would stop looking at her.
did you learn to speak trash with that dirty mouth, monkey? your little friend? what is his name again?" he smirked.
trump followers love the simplistic solutions he lies about. if it were only that easy. an idiot. white trash with money.
when u just cooked yaself a bacon egg and cheese ate it and now u bout to go buy one and eat that too
when u bout drop a sick af mixtape but ur mom calls u for dinner
u fuckin bitch.
rule of thumb. if u get skinny people can call u skinny all day long. but don't let somebody get fat and u call them out.
when u get really drunk and high af bc u know ur going to be adult soon
when u get really drunk and high af bc u know ur going to be adult soon
go to sleep ugly dyke
i was looking at ugly dyke looking bitches and you poped up
hbd ugly dyke hoe
is a ugly dyke"
show me her! please lol i can't have you with a ugly dyke.
next time, please, don't use use your rats like the crosseyed bitch, or the other ugly dyke.
are you a filthy fag? an ugly dyke? u can fuck yourselves to death. i couldn't card less.
so basically he called her and ugly gay boy or an ugly dyke
not u supporting cheaters. zayn looks good though, justin still looks like an ugly dyke.
choke you out" if you don't get your ugly dyke ass out of here
kys you ugly dyke
ugly dyke bitch
outfit costs more than your entire existence, thank you very much. what are you dressed like, an ugly dyke?"
brandon ugly dyke lookin ass
who's ugly dyke ass is your avi?
now she an ugly dyke
when new york spit on that ugly dyke chick
ugly dyke stop lying. aaliyah got platinum plaques for her voice. where yours at slant face moose
look at this ugly dyke ass bitch lookin like a fuckin carcass with make up
boys flirt. men assert their dominance by dressing up like pretty cartoon ponies.
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
err shut up nigger
shut up nigger
lol shut up nigger
fox new fans: i hate niggers. blk ppl: you're racist. stop it. fox news fans: shut up, nigger. you're racist for calling me racist.
fuck up nigger
shut up nigger
whats up nigger piece of shit? odells bitch, lol
shut the fuck up nigger
shut up nigger get in your cage
shut up nigger
shut up, nigger.
shut up nigger
shut the fuck up nigger
shut the fuck up nigger
shut up nigger faggot and learn to read
shut up nigger.
fuck up nigger
shut up nigger
shut the fuck up nigger
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
shut up nigger get back in the kitchen and make me a cotton
kind of surprised they didn't mention the racist up nigger" colombia tweets to steve harvey
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
then rey fucks him up nigger
shut up nigger
queen bee's gonna watch your lie
so many white ass men on this plane, better turn on my white person charm
i blocked that indoctrinated karmel i really don't have time to chat w people who live in a bubble
people who live in certain countries or come from certain backgrounds who are gay live a life in fear and secrecy just to stay alive
eminem has really deep lyrics and amazing well written sohpisticated jokes like fag blow me"
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
say it to my fucking face you fag
fuck you fag
yes i can you fucking irrelevant shit head. go dick ride more girls who secretly hate you fag boy
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
look at his page you fag
obama is a fag like you you fag loser
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
i'm driving you fag
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
shit fuck. what do you want for christmas you fag
you just tweeted yourself you fag
fuck you fag! your the one who was in love with sanjay!
and don't call me dyl you fag
tk i don't even like you fag queer fuck
you corrected it you fag
you saw it already you fag
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
fucking cunt i am better than you fag
you fag!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you don't have one you fag
stfu you fag
shut up you fag
you nigger
pure?you nigger you have been raped by jarrer aka bantus.
and mr. big white almighty bar room veteran i'll kill you nigger if you say one thing i don't like at the
degenrate cunt nigger wash your skin you nigger. fucking waste of oxygen cunt
you nigger
fuck you and your bastard grandchildren, you nigger dick sucking son of a bitch
pretty much every day for you nigger.
i'm blacker than you, nigger
you nigger you got a new number?
wtbs kai you still gay, you're a woman and choke on a big dick you nigger.
fuck you nigger
you nigger convict monkey wtf kinda show is that im tired of you
fuck you nigger
kys auto correct you nigger
get stage . cancer you nigger i hope you die in a head on collision in a car
fuck you nigger
you basically jinxed my piercing rn i'll easily kill you nigger
n gger. six letter word. people who annoy you? nigger.... nope. nagger. lmao south park is a mess.
i know you're not playing tonight but don't fuck up our chances to end the playoff drought you nigger
why wouldn't you nigger
wasn't talking to you nigger.
guck you nigger
join you nigger
you nigger
he looks like them kids to call you nigger on cod as soon as he finds out you black
jornded you nigger
fuck you nigger dont you fucking what me i swear to fucking god ill have you destroyed by me and my fucking boys you fucking faggot
it was a cold day you nigger lay off
the pen is working if you niggers need some ghost lines for
you r a well grounded beautiful woman who knows her purpose!kip inspiring! may god make you more..much more than u ask
you r the best mom. because it felt like i was a ghost and no one talked to me mom annie of course)
if you fuck a dirt ball your a dirt ball!! you fuck a bum your a bum!!! you are what you fuck so skip a bitch or a dick or
shut your faggot ass up u piece of shit! how much is paying u post stupid tweets jerkoff
your faggot ass better stick to dancing i might break your jaw just for glancing
reminded me of your faggot ass.
i should fucking murk your faggot ass
yeah, because we could be playing a game and i can say go sit your faggot ass down somewhere and i'm not trying to gay
and i won't let your faggot ass forget about it
yeah fuck you and your faggot ass inbred red neck fricking no life having ass friends. in fact everybody from htown can blow me.
but your faggot ass pluck your eyebrows and bleach your skin..nigga stfu!
mother fucking bigot. take your faggot ass somewhere else
faggot shut up, she was the group. she had your faggot ass hiding in your room with a t shirt on your head singing
lmfao yeah.. i'm ugly.. i'm sure you wanna suck my dick with your faggot ass
nah you rather the team go so your faggot ass can bitch about jay and kirk for the whole offseason
/ are gb so you are basically playing us your faggot
go on follow what your faggot friend tells ya.
if you dont get your faggot ass somewhere
i don't give a fuck, you must be delusional to think people would give money for your faggot ass to get a computer
we don't got no love for you rappin' ass there pistol tell them strip, with your faggot ass nigga
then why are you even crying about your faggot friend when it's so easy?
my tl is so much nicer since i muted your faggot ass.
stop sending me your faggot vaping snapchat videos
i'll make a girl beat your faggot ass up
fyi, my butt is fine. it doesn't hurt like your faggot ass
amazing, keep giving me your nigger cock make
thus you dumbcunts and your nigger are percent in the wrong.
yet you was born in a chicken box in commemoration of your nigger of a dad
shut your nigger ass up
talk to god and ask him to help your nigger ass find your
hmmmm you make your nigger jokes too?
girl i'm not your man i'm your nigger
white people dont want your nigger music anyway
wanna get your nigger ass online
no he doesnt wanna play you because he said you're a pussy and wont let him host but he has to play on your nigger host
get off twitter your nigger and reply
you can share a banana with your nigger friend in the stable
what bitch??? i din't think so perv,, keep your nigger ass out of
i want your nigger follow!!!
okay, so it's : am on dec st and i am officially done with you and your nigger shenanigans.
let me guess, your nigger tweet was just jokes?
fix your nigger net i need to win my lunch money
your spanish is fucking horrendous, stick to your nigger language
human rights kiss my ass loser fuck your nigger!
your nigger loving wife is smoking hott. great body for
i know your nigger coon ass did not just block me
go pick some cotton with your nigger brothers you coon
this time one year ago i was shagging your nigger mom but i told her to fuck off like afc should do with wenger
i'm gonna put your nigger family on a farm and whoop the fuck out of all you by one
that's what you call a bitch made nigga
fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes
cuz you a bitch made nigga
jeremiah luafulu such a bitch made nigga man. he said to bring my niggas, they comin.
and you really a bitch made ass nigga if you subbing a female but
he's a bitch made nigga with a period pussy
like it really pisses me off every time. he's a bitch made nigga that's all there is to it
this is ain't no street nigga this a bitch made nigga
hate a bitch made nigga
ever seen a bitch made ass
you're a bitch made ass nigga you ain't shit you never will be shit. you mean nothing in this world you are trash.
a lot of you niggaz is son of a bitch made
yes exactly i thought the same but obvs not but yeah he called the of acc" a fag and now i'm even more mad
u a fag and u cant read smh life must b hard.
call me a fag and i spit on you. plain and simple. then your nothing, no more reactions from me i walk away and allow you to do no more
good morning vapers up and vape up) carm and vape on) no to a fag and say yes to a vape)
he's a fag and i dont even have him
yas yas yas! acting like you're the biggest jb fan when you called him a fag and a girl
well kelsey fell so i came for a fag and started drink with daddy steve v
oh how i would love to have a fag and make a cup of tea but rn its a no to moving from me
dis is what you do in your spare time init? light a fag and take pics like this
he a fag and cbc are losers. i never watch anything in cbc.
jheeez went out for a fag and next door giving it the big one.
well back the hotel the bf has passed again! gonna have a few cans a fag and get to bed!
moe was acting like a fag and not wanting to run down on broads
a fag and a loser or a fag loser? keep being a keyboard gangster with your th grade insults sittin in a basement in wilmette
just avin a fag and a cuppa with the mother whilst observing a police chase round the estate
brad's outside for a fag and texts me saying he's farted so loud and the neighbour was putting something in the bin
you still in the debt collection business? i gave a mate a fag and he won't return the favour!
im a fag and i think this tweet is fucking gay and stupid ill say whatever tf i want
he still a fag and retarded
wham! club tropicana in a winter wonderland?! having a fag and mulled cider! typically british!
stop spreading misinformation just cause ur a fag and cant reproduce
everyone above me is a fag and will get aids, or another butt cyst
wantin to go for a fag but can't be arsed with moving debating since i'm home for christmas if me maw will mind smoking out the window
im outside having a fag but i can't remember where it is
you're a fag... but i won't say it to you're face causeeee twitter is more productive
when ur mama yells at u for callin a fag but he can call me train tracks
harry just ate a fag but off the floor
is it bad that i've just had a fag but i want another one
there's also a fag but you can give his story a reactionary interpretation easily.
he's a fag but at least he's not a douche tbh
for a but? coming out for a fag but
dying for a fag but being too comfy in bed is a killer
ever feel like you need a fag but then you remember you don't smoke?
true friendship is when you can flick a fag but at mate and him expect it
this guy is suchhhh a faggot and i just won't unfollow!!!! he piss me offfff lol. with his light skin ass faces
a man who is a chatty patty is a faggot and its a lot of you faggots in champaign
quit being a faggot and open up the game!
was the year i realized everyone is a faggot and to only care about myself pretty good year
you're a faggot and your waifu is shit
when u make ur cod twitter ur only twitter bc ur a faggot and dont have irl friends
abby's a faggot and can get hit by a bus...
cause ur a faggot and he knew queers like you would use it
sans is a faggot and sucks flowey's dick
shut up. i'll call out whatever faggots i want to call out. you are probably a faggot, and you have faggot friends.
u fucking a faggot and you go to a community college bitch thats two l's
because you're a faggot and a squaker...
if you snipe in black ops your a faggot and i fucking hate you
must be a great tf player. call him a faggot and say counter strike is better. they hate that
beckam lost his cool vs the panthers cuz they was calling him a faggot and rumors say he bi lol
so, i get itsomebody calls me a faggot and i get to take a running start and spear him with my helmet...#justwords grow up
haha see what i did there now your a faggot and a herb
you're a faggot and so you is your son
emiliana called me a faggot for wearing my ugly sweater
troy is a faggot for real tho
if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome.
so i was bout call this guy a faggot for postin some shit like that but he already had me blocked smh
he's a faggot for hitting her..them hits didn't even hurt i would of finished my bun then made him some grits
i don't wanna be a faggot for a day. i don't wanna life the fake and bullshit way
so i got called a faggot for the first time in public today.......by a group of year old
lmaoooo odell cried cause they called him a faggot for dancing
still can't believe a lawyer just called me a faggot for speaking up about
he a faggot for wasting all that food.
if you could not be a faggot for like, ever. that'd be awesome.
brittany a faggot for real.
i'm two tweets in and i've already been called a faggot for using the term
a faggot for tweeting this gay shit
omg your friend is such a faggot for banning people in tc earlier, seriously you don't need fuckheads like that in your life
you're a faggot for blocking me and i've never even spoken to you dick head
harry styles, he's a fucking queer
wow what a fucking queer
is a fucking queer
yeah you left cuz you're a fucking queer i probably will just can't get too faded this time
justin bieber should just stay making repetitive ass radio music instead of collaborating with travis scott. i swear he's a fucking queer
oh i wish that'll happen. such a fucking queer.
what a fucking queer
ur a fucking queer
you are such a fucking queer
acting like a fucking queer.
if his name starts with an n hes a fucking queer
wow i am so blown away what a fucking queer lmao
pm] matty: black people are nice people pm] matty: but cam newton is a fucking queer
you're such a fucking queer holy fuck
what a fucking queer
youre a fucking queer
lol real name or not it's still a fucking queer name.
you're a fucking queer
you're a fucking queer
just said cause when you're a snowboarder you can't have friends cause you're a fucking queer
such a fucking queer.
ur a fucking queer
ur a fucking queer
you are a fucking queer. jump off a cliff.
like seriously this kid is a fucking queer ass pleb.
the same: still recycling cans to pay higher property taxes. can't buy a job at .
these news fucks will respond to frivolous responses from melanin recessive but let a nigga ask u a formal question they ignore
these hoes be half naked in pictures but be mad when a nigga ask for some nudes lmao
that's like calling an albino a white person just based off their skin color, if their black. it's a gray area.
tf... a white person that owns a store calls us nigger... u still shopping there?
that doesn't make any sense.if u call a black person a monkey it's offensive. if u call a white person it's not.
just a white trash nigga"
don't look like a white trash bitch so you're good" best compliment ever thx so much:)
is it racist to call your cat a white trash honkey? no, that's what i thought.
at least jesus is semitic from palestine and not a white trash from boon county,usa
if you place an egg in water and it floats, don't consume it. it's bad and should be thrown away. a fresh egg will sink to the bottom.
my fav thing abt criminal minds is how accurate the criminals are.... all white men
weird how everyone posting getting too sensitive just take a joke' are all white men who have absolutely no idea what theyre on about
the perpetrators are all white men appropriating either black and/or indigenousamerican cultures.
its also sickening. it made me want to vomit seeing her. no wonder their goat humping men put bags over their head
my only question is if hair has to be hidden then why don't men also wear bags over their identical hair?
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
they men or women?" yogi berra replied,"i don't know, they had bags over their heads."
i don't know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads.
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
downey ca... if someone doesn't adopt this little guy quickly... he will be killed for space... a precious pommie...
don't feel sorry for this woman. she can wear whatever she wants....she might be killed for it....it's her choice??
you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af
you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy
i couldn't even rt of the bitch made nigga hitting on that chick in the restroom
can't stand a bitch made nigga who be sneak dissin.
that's a bitch made nigga, not a hood nigga.
hate a bitch made nigga
only a bitch made nigga does this shit
it's a lyric bitch made nigga
you a bitch made nigga if you lay hands on a female and she's not threatening your life in any way.
you a bitch made nigga for certain i'm a god in a world full of serpents only take a nigga life on purpose!!!
bitch made nigga with some soft ass swings... i'm sick
bitch made nigga
bitch made nigga
i'm sharp witted and a quick thinker when i mock faggots like you.
thats what ultimate faggots like you get in life. ultimate faggotry like yours attracts hatred and ill will. fucking faggot
i'm not scared of faggots like you. i strive to remove degeneracy like you from the world. fight me faggot
salahuddin seriously made faggots like you his bitch. now i'll make you my bitch.
well fuck you too half dead ass nigga
poor chiss he looks like a pancake
what nigga gets mad when you claim him? a nigga that's outcheaa fw these basic hoes that's who
wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.
wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back.
so a lot of colombians really going off on steve harvey calling him a nigga and everything, pleaseeee just take the l and move on
wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via
wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via
wtf steve haters calling him a nigga i got your back. via
shoot that nigga his shorty bitch
shoot dat nigga his shorty bitch...shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch!
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
fuck yo feelings ain't no sorry bitch shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch.
shoot that nigga and his shorty, bitch!
shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch
so i herd robwlf is a fag
he is a fag
is a fag lol
obama is a fag like you you fag loser
israel chose a flag that excludes all other citizens. it is a fag that says what israel is all aboutfor jews only.
are you trying to say hentie is a fag? because if you are, you're correct.
rocks is a fag
karenh is my girlfriend and bury is a fag
this boy is a fag
my gf is a fag
well bob costas is a fag so
larry o'donnel is a fag and any obama supporter is an enemy.
is a fag! in every way possible!
sat up at :am and all i want is a fag and a large glass of
is a fag."
this kid is a fag
any nigga gossip about another nigga is a fag
is a fag and baits people to get kills what a fag
dj kaled is a fag
this isn't funny dj khaled is a faggot your acl is weak
he is a faggot too
obj is a faggot
justin bieber is a faggot
please stop zaire from saying that he is a faggot with gadgets lol
don lemon is a faggot
except trump never said that, and jeet is a faggot.
cuz he is a faggot
reminder: is a faggot
kylo ren is a faggot
troy is a faggot for real tho
loool he is a faggot
ehhh idk he is a faggot tho and garbage gfxer
a man who is a chatty patty is a faggot and its a lot of you faggots in champaign
it's generalized, doesn't lean either way. but if you'd like to know i think guy fieri is a faggot
this girl is a faggot
chris brown is a faggot
good cause trump is a faggot
on god who ever recorded this is a faggot
erin is a faggot bitch
indian kids say op is a faggot: just found this in a
ew frank is a faggot honkey
juan is a faggot brendan is
david brock is a faggot with cuckold fantasies.
break is a faggot virgin. pay him no attention oj nh
is a faggot.
jakarra is a fuckin idiot
kay burley is a fucking retard hahahahaha
ed woodward is a fucking cunt tbh awful situation he put van gaal in. pussies running the club.
khan is a nigger as well
when luci got kicked off the ayyteam skype group and then he just spammed is a nigger" in another group
booper is a nigger
slick is a nigger
pz blue is a nigger
skoogy is a nigger lol rt
it actually said is a nigger"
but most of all klin is a nigger
it says is a nigger" on the window i love you!!
jenny is a nigger
wait frank ocean is a nigger wtf why is his name frank
cody is a nigger lmao. he's illiterate and can't spell or speak worth shit
kim k is a nigger
people that are born to be gay, and have horns, and everything, from pollution, but a nigger is a nigger"bold sorrow
peter is a nigger
trump is a nigger" probably
he is a nigger not the player he once was
all i want for christmas is a nigger
im colombian and i d never call hik a nigger over a mistake.he is a nigger for other reasons
obama is a nigger
we get it steve harvey is a nigger
all of this steve harvey is a nigger stuff ain't even cool. all those people who spewed that mess all over are cowards..racist cowards
es negro". is a nigger" that's all!
i believe josh norman is a nigger
hey america that nigger you voted for thinks of the scorn directed at him personally stems from the fact that he is" a nigger
confirmed: niggatic is a nigger
ho ho ho! why santa is the ultimate event planner
should be" by dru hill is the ultimate dirty mack anthem
go ahead and fuck that lame nigga you with and get it over with
you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise
if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise
if you fuckin' with a lame nigga you's a lame bitch!
if you a lame nigga you ain't making no noise
if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise
if you a lame nigga you ain't makin no noise
odell beckham got called a faggot. and what does he do? he responds by acting like a faggot and tried to physically hurt someone.
like a faggot?
paid money to look like a faggot... shame on him
no bruh i look like a faggot huhuhu
you sound like a faggot.
you look like a faggot
the fact that i like twenty one pilots makes me feel like a faggot
you're acting like a faggot or something
frank joyce sounds like a faggot.
you sounding like a faggot
that moore guy looks like a faggot no matter what sign he is holding.
you sound like a faggot
i'm ctfuuuu she said i look like a faggot bihhhh then i guess ya nigga a faggot too
i will never dress like a faggot
id prefer to be bullied for playing pokemon like a faggot tbh
he sounds like a faggot
damn wtf lmao you look like a faggot now. why you tryna flex
but i admit, i look like a faggot at the moment.
i hate when guys hit on my boyfriend. like, does he look like a faggot or what?
you look like a faggot
i wake up with tha bong next to my bed like a true white boy
spoken like a true euro trash know nothing big mouth retard while you people suck moslim ass
looking like a true queen
im sleepy af and my mom got me doing oficio like a true dominican
does it matter lucas is married to a black woman when theres never been one in star wars? bye simpleton
father god guide me on your path to be married to a woman that believes in jesus, is growing in jesus, finds her life your holy presence.
if it wasn't you getting married to a fat woman then don't complain.
i think they block out that the creator of the star wars has been married to a black woman for years
no comment on your advice however i am happily married to a beautiful woman and we have children.
i like white christmas and i'm married to a black woman. does this mean i hate my wife?
if a straight man who is legally married to a woman but cheats on his wife with other women every week, he's eligible?
i swear if this nigga inbox me one more time
omgg don't buck me up like that..
what the fucking hell. on everything this nigga and his whole family would be burned alive.
balling with my real nigga and his wifey
i would nigga and his girl but they got me blocked
fuck ya feelings ain't no sorrys bitch shoot dat nigga and his shorty bitch
i'm on ft with this nigga and his little sister all up in this shit like girl go play with yo toys
hanin oh pls stop acting like u aint know. treat my nigga and his feelings correctly plss
trill sammy is one ugly nigga and his music is ass
fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga.
fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga
this nigga and his dirty ass bitch with goat teeth thought they was about to finesse me at bart, until
when u talk to a nigga and his teeth is all fucked up and hes got ass breath
fuck your feelings and your sorries bitch shoot a nigga and his shorty bitch
somebody get this nigga and his homophobic ways
fuck a bitch nigga and his bitch nigga
shoot that nigga and his shawty bitch ha ha ha
fuck uh bitch nigga and his bitch nigga
he has no right to slag lumpy space princess
each year improving on the last so my about to be dope af too each year just keeps getting better and better... so grateful
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
prometheus has idiot explorers in over their heads, secret traitorous plotting, and wondrous visions of the origins of life. it's too much.
i think any woman who denys a father the right to be there for his kids when he's trying to be a father deserves to have those kids taken
you have the right to be mad at that cuz that's accurate af.
shut up nigger
err shut up nigger
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
lol shut up nigger
fox new fans: i hate niggers. blk ppl: you're racist. stop it. fox news fans: shut up, nigger. you're racist for calling me racist.
shut up nigger
shut up nigger and get back to the fields
shut up nigger
shut up nigger get in your cage
shut up nigger
shut up nigger faggot and learn to read
shut up nigger.
shut up nigger
shut up nigger delete this
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
shut up nigger get back in the kitchen and make me a cotton
shut up nigger
shut up nigger let me be a loser
u shut up nigger
shut up nigger i'm not racist i'm black
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
shut up nigger i need my chicken tomorrow at :, better see your ape ass at popeyes
shut up nigger
shut up nigger
i told him shsshh he go whisper in my ear shut up nigger his bitch ass
shut up nigger roach
shut up nigger
but ur still a faggot
u r still a faggot
day pandini is still a faggot
your still a faggot
you said you were going to fucking change. i guess you're still a faggot smh smh
it's almost and you're still a faggot.
if you get offended by something over the internet you still a faggot
oh okay cool secks is still a faggot tho just sayin
lmaooooo ian connor still a faggot but carti whooped pencil tat face
oops...you're still a faggot
bruce banner still a faggot for what happened in age of ultron. black widow throwing the pussy at him and he decides to go into hiding
you still a faggot but congrats!
i ain't gonna lie big racks hard af he still a faggot tho lol
fucking faggot! you're the biggest faggot that ever faggoted!"
lmtz is the biggest faggot alive
happy birthday to the biggest faggot going have a fab day baby love you to the moon and back
lmao your making yourself look like the biggest faggot ever you lost just get the fuck off twitter and go to bed
this kid is the biggest faggot
this guy is the biggest faggot ever buddy you called me a hoe and now you wanna talk to me again gtfo
the dudes the biggest faggot ever. tried telling me to make him an avatar, i made it and he couldn't wait fucking minutes.
you're the biggest faggot on this site
he's the biggest faggot
find the biggest faggot
he's the biggest faggot out there, bar none.
while ryan kesler is still high key the biggest faggot in the nhl.
but on some real shit you're probably the biggest faggot on twitter who doesn't train or workout, plain and simple
too bad your the biggest faggot to walk this planet
why do i turn in to the biggest faggot when ever i listen to vogue
happy birthdayyyyy to the biggest faggot i wuv youuuu hope you have the best day
i'm an asshole with literally everyone but when it comes to my pets i'm the biggest faggot
seriously the biggest faggot ever
sportstalkjoe is the biggest faggot
silk let's be real you've gotta be the biggest faggot weaboo irl
you're the biggest faggot on social media
you are the biggest faggot i have ever met what the fuck is this account get a life or make the hockey team
you are maybe the biggest faggot on twitter
the guy with the rolls royce must be the biggest faggot ever
onrestrictionn has to be the biggest faggot i've ever seen
you're literally the biggest faggot
anyone who says they respect the police is the biggest faggot pussy i know
jarvis and the biggest faggot in the league
vaks is the biggest faggot alive
geri, you're the biggest faggot ik.
chip kelly is the biggest faggot
and of course, the faggots who began the domestication process of all living creatures were especially afraid of the woman
what a fag
like that rcxd_in_ur_junk what a fag
what a fag
wtf what a fag
what a fag!! how does she just let him do those things i wont even allow that shit
what what a fag
what a fag. he must do analingus
what a fag
who the fuck is josh normen? what a fag
she was like omg what a fag and laughed
what a fag
how gay is luke? what is he a year old mom using their kids as their profile picture? what a fag
can't believe alan broke his foot and can't work for weeks.. what a fag aahah porter down...
what a fag.
lol what a fag i hope he chokes on the next cock he sucks
what a fag.
what a fag u are
g eazy really dropped a song called sad boy tho what a fag
st: that's hot nd: what a fag
sorry sister. you know what a fag i am for dick.
what a fag
what a fag
is a fag and baits people to get kills what a fag
what a fag
what a fag!
what a fag
what a fag
what a fag
lol glad you put that white bitch in her place
oh my god, this white bitch in front of me is fucking annoying
white bitch in jack in the box wit some gawwd damn
the new star wars comes out and every white bitch in america has suddenly been a star wars fan their entire life
i was crying on the curb tonight waiting for my bus and i felt like a trashy white bitch in an episode of skins
u usta fw my la son, u cheated on my son wit a lame ass nigga from the westbank that ain't my business doe
man i hate a nigga that talk too much. especially when they drunk. combine that wit a lame ass nigga you wanna kill yourself at the
imagine him with the white scrunchie it would've matched his polka dot shirt at the apple music performance
the one with the white egg still showing with the yolk in the middle
you a fag cuz you ain't txt me back
it shows the real you. a fag.
you a fag!
you a fag if you choose to listen to chris brown, the weeknd, tiller, or any of that simp music. just my personal opinion
if you eat just cheese pizza you a fag i can't fwy don't come to my job i won't serve you
you a fag
jordan i'm convinced you a fag
boy you a fag
that's for real faggot shit....how you mad niggas called you a fag then do faggot shit???
words are like a dagger with a jagged edge. i'll stab you in the head whether you a fag or lez."
if you a fag and u dress like girl please be a neat one cause these people i be seeing look a hot ass
i can call you a fag if we cool but you ain't gone call me that shit
you a fag lol
niggas who shake they ass gay i don't wanna hear that dance group shit you a fag
odell overrated. you pinned a tweet to your profile cuz you a fag. ummm trump is baby hitler. pick one
tell twitter all yo business you a lame nigga
fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch
you a lame ass nigga stfu stop worrying about another man's mind frame bitch
fuck wit a nigga if you fuck wit a nigga
shut up you fucking faggot
fucking faggot! you're the biggest faggot that ever faggoted!"
shut up you fucking faggot
try me you fucking faggot i have superior muscle strength and could easily defeat you in hand to hand combat, motherfucker.
you have drake as your avi how could you embarrass yourself anymore you fucking faggot
beat you fucking faggot twat cunt
you fucking faggot
you can talk shit all you want you fucking faggot. i can pop a wheelie for whole seconds on my cousin's bmx.
if you fear and hate africans so much, go to war with them, you fucking faggot. a lot harder than tweeting on your phone
you fucking faggot foh
you fucking faggot
fuck off you fucking faggot go suck a dog dick you cuckold
only because he will be the closest thing to you on ps you fucking faggot
i didn't insult either you fucking faggot
get swine flu you fucking faggot
stop thirsting for heli you fucking faggot.
listened you fucking faggot i don't know if the bleach got into your head or what but don't u dare slander the crying game
stop saying the same shit everyday nick you fucking faggot
you will never surpass nudah you fucking faggot
you fucking faggot ass nigga
i can't bother to explain you fucking faggot
im danish you fucking faggot
what are you gay? what are you fucking faggot? fucking scared, huh faggot?
i want this to end already, stop being depressed me you fucking faggot
shut up you fucking faggot ive had enough of you
fuck you nigger dont you fucking what me i swear to fucking god ill have you destroyed by me and my fucking boys you fucking faggot
i have a masterball you fucking faggot
your and single and none of your relationships have ever worked because your a cunt but that's none if a my buisness
you would want lvg to get fired your a cunt any ways you poncy curly haired maggot
your a cunt
your a cunt stfu
your a cunt
your a dirty bitch
and your a dirty bitch who posts nudes
your a dirty fucking cunt player. your a joke. choke on a dick prick!!!
listening to a woman talk about two guys. your a dirty girl. dirty girls need love too.
he not even hood. he a bitch made nigga
that's not a nigga" that's a bitch made nigga w a temper ain't shit hood about hittin a female
you still hitting females ma nigga on the set you a bitch made nigga. coward ass insecure ass mfvckin phony! im sure all them be broke af
fuck chris at the walmart off of pleasant grove he's a bitch made nigga who prolly dont suck the toes
you a bitch made nigga if you put down your girl or lay a finger on her with a negative intention and jus know i'm plottin on you fuckboy
he's a bitch made nigga with a period pussy
y'all kno al. nigga from new orleans. that's a bitch made nigga.
hate a bitch made nigga
a bitch made nigga
you a bitch made nigga if you lay hands on a female and she's not threatening your life in any way.
i cannot stand a bitch made nigga
obj is a bitch made nigga to me now
i can't stand a bitchmade nigga
you're a bitch made nigga. trust me you'll stay until they leave
the fact that you pretended to care shows how much of a lame nigga you really are.
you a lame nigga you mad as hell my name nigga be ringing bells
if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch
if you a lame nigga you aint makin no noise!
if you a lame, nigga you ain't making no noise
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
they men or women?" yogi berra replied,"i don't know, they had bags over their heads."
i don't know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads.
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
i know they were men or women fans running naked across the field). they had bags over their heads. yogi berra
you a faggot if you ever cried cuz you was happy
wow wow own wow wow wtf faggot if you ever tell me how the movie is about ima fuck you up
you a faggot if you ever did the chicken head dance to a chingy song idc if you grown now you still a faggot
weight loss tips: get a job at apple doing back of house for christmas and you'll drop sizes and no clothes will fit you that you own
if he fails in the music industry he'll probably get a job at apple
america is full of white men and guns. its not full of jihad but it will be soon unless you stop muslims coming. like japan.
cracker barrel is full of white people /
yo bit wana fuck on a street nigga.. you a lame she dont really wana be withcha.
hell nah you can't hang nigga what you claim nigga you a lame fucc it blow his brains
snakes ass niggas always tryna down a nigga but wasnt i once down for you nigga you a lame ass nigga
nigga you a lame fuck off my dick or do sum pussy
nigga you a lame so i kaint fuck wit u.... and if you fuck wit lames shawty you a lame too!
nigga you a lame
if you fw a lame nigga you a lame bitch
if you fuck a lame nigga you a lame bitch
fuck a lame nigga, then you a lame bitch
fuck a lame nigga then you a lame
if you've ever disliked me over a niqqa.. you a lame bitch
if you fuck a lame nigga than you a lame
fuck a lame nigga then you a lame bitch
if you fuck wit a goofy nigga then you a goofy bitch
if you fuck wit a nigga ion fuck wit.......ion fuck wit cha.
if you fuck wit a nigga who a deadbeat dad you a trifling bitch
if you fuck wit a nigga you fuck wit a nigga. bitches b trying to prove it in so many ways.
i judge you bitches on the niggas you fuck wit.. you fuck wit a corny nigga bitch you corny period
if you fuck wit a nigga show love
porch monkey
what an ugly male porch monkey
monkey
porch monkey!!!
yall are really going to let cj werleman speak for you? you think its alright for him to say porch monkey and native informant?
i called obama a porch monkey. he's on the democrats' porch, dancing to the tune of the liberal media. it's a metaphor!" trump
listen you wetback porch monkey
the porch monkey hates to be reminded he's a porch monkey
is a porch monkey?
you stupid sand nigger porch monkey mysogynist asshole! a fucking retarded, right wing shill!" progressives to
you should call him monkey" as well. another accepted insult among his critics
the pretend to be liberal, but when they call a porch monkey they reveal their racism.
shut up porch monkey
majid porch monkey nawaz should get his wife to wear one to show solidarity with women being targeted by his racist mates
porch monkey nigger bitch
mia wtf is a porch monkey her brother thats what white people call black people mia white people sit on the porch too
this emoji makes me think porch monkey
if i said that you'd think i'm racist. i'm not, you dirty african porch monkey.
provide dat porch monkey wit some bananas and send him on his way he sound fool af.
apparently i'm a coon and porch monkey.
asians and caucasian win games against savage strikes porch monkey win game against striking bowlers
dumb fucking porch monkey
this porch monkey is saying he himself have never heard of anyone being conflicted when it comes to supporting...
it looks like hillary is going after the porch monkey vote
what the hell is a porch monkey? sounds horrible.
let those zombies have it in redneck vs. zombies
one more sleep and i'll be more redneck than y'all in my pickemup truck! yeehaw!!
catch me humming redneck stomp to myself all day for some unknown reason.
redneck pony club! just had the biggest cute attack putting queenie's new saddle on her. like
and the illiterate nausea feeling triggered by the redneck vestibular system down them
a redneck is a redneck to hillary.
christmas the most beautiful woman and my redneck island champion
redneck woman shocks a welfare worker in the office. but then her response is priceless.
it was sarcasm. but i guess you aren't old enough to comprehend that. dumb redneck? hmm, okay bud. nice one.
no mississippi, alabama, louisiana, the redneck teabilly red states, section white gop states! charity states!
another part of a redneck agenda
you might be a redneck couple of you get each other's christmas gifts at tractor supply
said free water n lower elec bill. redneck. antibusiness. fb says most of the those feel it necessary
i know, you thought i was a redneck bigot. sorry to disappoint
you know you're a redneck when...
watching ridiculousness and they do the redneck segment and rob says when i think of this it's time to do my best ohioan voice. ok
i can't believe that a girl i graduated high school with is going to be on cmt redneck island!! lol
the pitiful tree, he tops his attention back to his redneck companion.
wal mart in tville is like being in redneck hell. move on out rude people.
muslim family after us holiday ban no embarrassment for you mate all on the redneck yanks small minded
now playing from my audio collection: the redneck reindeer' by joe diffie
grandmother right heck humbly each of control redneck jfk
still ain't a redneck
joe diffie leroy the redneck reindeer
any redneck white daddies out there need a lil mexican boy?
suck dat head like a dyke
pps say hi to dick van dyke for me. just heard him in the studio
i thought it was a bull dyke !!!
lady madonna black dyke band tune in now at
bb visits the museum! sheri van dyke ws radio
some of the houses in dyke road are close to million pounds so some properties do match central london prices
halsey is a problematic emo punk dyke
go lose your veeginity to some homeless dyke
brighton beach and devils dyke
genius is talent set on fire by courage. henry van dyke
i wanna meet dick van dyke so bad
it was sarcasm you fuckin dyke
i wanna fight every dyke alive
slap that head like a dyke
this one dyke
qatar could still be stripped of world cup, says greg dyke the times
she's leaving home black dyke band tune in now at
maybe muzzie women are too danged ugly.
definitely for muzzie removal
get these muzzie shits out of texas
i like to see muzzie vermin killed. you started this war, not us.
pack of inbred can't fly from uk to socal, says dhs. muzzie lovers whine to
the muzzie wench that shot up california posed a threat and made postings prior to coming but she got a visa with no prob
we should kill all of you and let sort you out. allah u fuckbar, muzzie.
but a muzzie can b a goat humper though right?
we are anti muzzie here at sainsburys
u r expecting too much from a muzzie educated or not most of them ungrateful, bigots and antinational
y not a muzzie girl?
if i was her, i'd do the same in at least case, a muzzie doctor deliberately let an infidel patient die!
u can be whatever u want to be. fat and muzzie is ur choice
man vs monkey copy right battle. if monkey prevails in right to ownership we can expand that to marriage rights. muzzie goat marriage
of course not, muzzie obumma protecting his buddies
ever notice how o talks so kind about muzzies but not jews, hindu's, mormon's, baptists, etc. how come o is % muzzie
amen!! no more muzzie religious garbage in our schools!
thanks muzzie scumbags! diseases like scurvy, tb rebound in uk
he's a muzzie posing as a trumpbacker...lol
i'm not a muzzie! i have no muzzie friends! fuck all muzzies! murderers!
and the idf should use muzzie vermin for target practice.
they're not saying it but this was definitely terrorism and probably muzzie.
arkie muzzie couple thrown out of mall because behavior via
jews terrorists? you are one bloody muzzie wanker.
muzzie in penn. gets arrested for...trying to buy slave girls!!!
did you know it was a militant muzzie who assassinated mahatma gandhi?
he is different. he's a kenyan kommie kumquat muzzie lover.
dizzying music, camera angles and trevor howard's pencil muzzie bound to keep me awake tonight
a german kike!
kike
hi kike. we are sorry for the issues you've experienced with your order. we would recommend that you con...
ok i guess you kike pikachu
act like a kike... and we treat you like one.
sho kike! me caes mal! u.u
stuani and kike look good together in a way bamford and kike never did. much success can come from this if use it wisely
literally feel kike im going to pass out
should boro allow kike to leave in january? i voted no in the poll! have your say:
kike adapting to the boro way, every time i see a photo of him he's wearing that tracksuit
ko me kike soe i go buy
how dare you slander ben every kike on a spike" garrison by suggesting that he isn't really hitler?
kike
there is no problem in failing, no big deal kike sarasola
so you want to create maps using drones? by kike calvo via
happy birthday kike
the genocidal history of the word redskin via for kike dan snyder and his nigger players!
i wanna leave my house is kike
my mom and kike aren't even surprised that i'm awake at this time anymore.
ive been laughing at adachis dance for kike minutes
his kids to jerk himself off on stage and tv don't use my children to attack me!! is such a slimy crypto kike
can someone tell me what r moon and sun signs kike what they represent for me
have you heard sanchez by kike sanchez iscar on
i actually had to give that guy a follow aww da efeezy kike
kike
i have diana and kike because they wok me up earlier and i've been up since
open voice nyc woman files lawsuit claiming cop called her gay slur; dyke...
when your dyke friend is too real
lol bull dyke
pps say hi to dick van dyke for me. just heard him in the studio
lady madonna black dyke band tune in now at
bb visits the museum! sheri van dyke ws radio
some of the houses in dyke road are close to million pounds so some properties do match central london prices
brighton beach and devils dyke
genius is talent set on fire by courage. henry van dyke
i wanna meet dick van dyke so bad
dyke tried to make up a new word like a stud" no bitch you a dyke
it was sarcasm you fuckin dyke
i wanna fight every dyke alive
slap that head like a dyke
ur a official cunt now
sprinkling in cunt every other sentence
go fuck yourself. she deserves her phone being smashed. you deserve your face being smashed. you're a disrespectful cunt.
its because of hillary clinton is the reason why i'm broke that stupid fucking cunt
lucy is such a cunt
be a candy cane cunt in this feliz navidad world
follow me back ya cunt
you fag hahaha
stupid fag
lost all his grace at the fag end of his life. unbelievably desperate show of begging
your a fag i would never suck a dick your a fucking homo
you're a fag who does this to bitches now a days
obrr office of bad rune reading uk growth estimate revised down to .% for rd quarter. soggy fag packet plan failing
girl asked me and evan for a fag in town, she looked about
im sorry too but fuck you frame i dont forgive u fag
hahaha yeah i am a fag. the fag that got his dick sucked by you
panthers was calling odell a fag before the game. lol
nah your the only fag here
i know fag im cruifnf
just gave my mum a menthol fag and she can't hack it loooool
sack that fucking coon
coon logic continues to blow me
after st person experimented w cow milk, i wonder what animal after that they experimented w? mmm coon milk(punk band name)
best of : racism and public lands the case of coon lake crosscut
no it's a description of this coon ass uncle tom.
the coon preachers that met w trump also still have followers. travesty
ablandoo coon
coon in the making
survey the dance hall in point of coon images per vgjl
take drew coon years to get here
peak coon
dam coon
my flight leaves out of terminal t however, i'm going over to d soley to hit pop eyes lmaaaaoooooooo coon me out today
make this home yours! st avenue nw, coon rapids mn open house: sunday /, : : pm
check out selenite figurine a family of raccoons little coon hand painted on a stone
